# CS-340-Project-Two
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I make my code reliable, adaptable, and maintainable by learning new techniques, adapting to criticism and new skills, and building off work. Throughout class 340, building off of the initial skills we learned from week one, implementing them into project one, and then using project one to help guide/build our final project enabled me to put into perspective how these projects can interact. I plan to use the skills I've learned during these projects utilize them in my projects and help my skills grow as a developer.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Throughout my bachelor's program, I've learned that sometimes the best way to solve a problem is to review changes you've made, reach out to peers for review, and sometimes take a break to let your mind reset. However, this was a bit harder than other classes due to utilizing Apporto and dealing with more unfamiliar topics.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists innovate and problem-solve; this is important because we can make products such as the Dash app for this project to make analyzing data and various other features easier for customers and companies.
